fix!: consolidate cronworkflow variables (#13702)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/cron-workflows.md

You can use `CronWorkflow.spec.workflowMetadata` to add `labels` and `annotations`.

> ### `CronWorkflow` Spec

Reviewer: I'm surprised this doesn't fail `markdownlint`, but this is the existing `h2` already. With this change, this section is now "## `CronWorkflow` Spec" -> "### `CronWorkflow` Spec"

Author: Yes. I've reverted this but it's still a bad title.

Reviewer: Calling it "Spec" wouldn't quite be correct either bc it doesn't include all the fields, such as the ones above and others. The closest thing might be to call it "Fields", as in to match the "Field Reference". Though I honestly feel this duplicates the existing section there that we could just link to instead: https://argo-workflows.readthedocs.io/en/latest/fields/#cronworkflowspec

| `startingDeadlineSeconds`    | `0`                    | Seconds after [the last scheduled time](#crash-recovery) during which a missed `Workflow` will still be run. |
| `successfulJobsHistoryLimit` | `3`                    | Number of successful `Workflows` to persist |
| `failedJobsHistoryLimit`     | `1`                    | Number of failed `Workflows` to persist |

> | `stopStrategy.expression`    | `nil`                  | v3.6 and after: defines if the CronWorkflow should stop scheduling based on an expression, which if present must evaluate to false for the workflow to be created |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `stopStrategy.expression`    | `nil`                  | v3.6 and after: defines if the CronWorkflow [should stop scheduling](#automatically-stopping-a-cronworkflow) based on an expression |
```

- As suggested before
  - and still following existing language and [k8s style guide on simplicity and directness](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language)

| `startingDeadlineSeconds`    | `0`                    | Seconds after [the last scheduled time](#crash-recovery) during which a missed `Workflow` will still be run. |
| `successfulJobsHistoryLimit` | `3`                    | Number of successful `Workflows` to persist |
| `failedJobsHistoryLimit`     | `1`                    | Number of failed `Workflows` to persist |

> | `stopStrategy`               | `nil`                  | v3.6 and after: defines if the CronWorkflow should stop scheduling based on an expression |
> | `stopStrategy.expression`    | None                   | v3.6 and after: an expression which if present must evaluate to false for the workflow to be created |

Reviewer: I don't think it's necessary to explicitly explain both in the table as they are identical right now. You can instead link to the usage section below

```suggestion
| `stopStrategy`               | `nil`                  | v3.6 and after: defines if the CronWorkflow [should stop scheduling](#automatically-stopping-a-cronworkflow) based on an expression |
```

Author: I've left in the .expression part as I feel it should be possible to use this table to understand what to do, and `expression` is unguessable.

Reviewer: That works, however the new description does not match what I wrote above, adding unnecessary and inconsistent verbosity, and missing a link. See follow-up thread

> 

Reviewer: Line 118 above needs to be changed now as well since you removed the `stopStrategy` section in the Fields Reference

Author: Good catch, fixed.

```yaml
stopStrategy:
  expression: "cronworkflow.succeeded >= 1"
```

You can also stop scheduling new workflows after three failures with:

```yaml
stopStrategy:
  expression: "cronworkflow.failed >= 3"
```

> <!-- markdownlint-disable MD046 -- this is indented due to the admonition, not a code block -->

Reviewer: the admonition below also needs modification to use the `cronworkflow.` prefix
